We will show the following property
We will show that it is included in
united with come let's prove is
appropriate
well graphically we can see the
next way we have together to
and we're going to have the set d
and then the union would be all this
part
this would talk has united with good and
only the set a is this
we can see that that set is
included in the union this is going to
show then then we go
to put on show
then let's grab an element
let's put first in the definition
of inclusion that is the following
there it is when it is included instead
it means that yes alone and for everything x
that belongs to the team will belong
then x is going to belong ab not this
would be the definition
even this then what are we going to
do the following we are going to grab a
element x that will belong to
then we will show that it is the
element x will also belong to
united with b
let us begin
for everything x for everything x that belongs to
let's have the following x
will belong to then
xv or belong
in this case
ox
it will belong
let's see let's show that this
proposition that we have put here is
true
then what are we going to do this x that
belongs to will represent my p
here belongs to smith
and that belongs to thermal view
then we know by
propositions that p then I see this
It is always true , therefore not
this proposition is going to be true
there is that is the concept
so let's put it like this, not this is going to
be true not
because if we give him pe like no
x that belongs to this value
and we give him
co
equal to x that belongs ab
Then we will show what
or in this case
p then
ocu
that is true not by
propositions not where we already know that I
represent also that it belongs to and that
will represent me here
belongs to come or rather is this
is equivalent to this from here not
therefore when have the following
how is this proposition true
then by definition of union
we know that it belongs to today
which belongs to b means that it is going to
belong to united with beno then
let's have the following as x
belongs to then x will belong
united with come or not there is then already
we know that it belongs to or x that
belongs to see is how to say x that
belongs to the union then we are
demonstrating
what is going to be
be included in a nest with poison
then we say there is no
no way
it will be included
in has joined with good there are and that
it would be the answer we will not see each other
new video